Feral Audio
Oh, yeah.
Hello.
Welcome to Meltdown Comics. The NerdMelt Theater and the epicenter of Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session.
Buckle up, motherfuckers. Welcome to the stage. The mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon!
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, fuck you, mama, fuck your daddy in the mouth.
I fucked your daddy from the north to the south. Predictable rhymes, I don't care, I'm still rapping.
Rapping like I was a butt, that's crappin'. Crappin' in the toilet that is your ears.
Dominatin' your desires and fears. Freestyle rappin' like I've never done before.
Fuck your mama on the ceiling, fuck your mama on the floor. I'm rappin'. Freestyle rappin'.
Sounds like it's written, but I'm freestyle rappin'. Didn't think about it in the green room at all.
Now I'm gonna fuck your mama in the summer and fall. Fuck your mama, fuck your daddy on the street.
Fuck your mama in her mouth, fuck your daddy on his feet.
Come on his toes, put on his shoes, take him downtown and show him the blues.
Teach him how to roll with the blacks. Teach him how to feel his slacks.
Take him choppin', take him choppin'. Lumberjacks. Yo, yo, yo, what? Yo, yo, rapping.
Fuckin' intense. I don't know if you've ever spit fire before, but it comes through you.
The term spit implies that it starts inside you. It's not true. It comes through the back of your head.
It goes back to mythology. There's a, the band-aid on the back of Marcellus Wallace's neck in Pulp Fiction.
And in the Coen Brothers movie, that's an old, something Jewish about the thing on the back of the neck.
Now, do you feel that was a one-time thing for tonight, or do you feel that that's gonna stay true throughout the entire show tonight?
I'm on fire tonight. God is above me, right above me. High noon.
Like, it's a harmonic convergence. I felt it when I was walking through. They were playing some, what do you call that, R&B, hip-hop?
Yes.
Hip-hop. I just felt like, let's give them, let's not talk about it. It was phenomenal.
What you don't want to do is look at it and try to capture that same lightning bug in the same jar.
No, no.
My biggest challenge, Jeff, my biggest challenge when I'm freestyle rapping is when I hear, like you do, it's too good.
It sounds written. And you heard me address it in the thing. I was panicking.
I was like, oh shit, they're gonna think this is written. I'm not Eminem.
Dan, right it.
Dan, was that?
I don't have it. I'm like him, except fuck your hand. Fuck your marker on your hands.
Was that your guilty conscience saying, this sounds written because I did prepare something?
No!
It was my...
I'm Shakespeare, right?
Sounds written because it's fucking God is writing it.
Yeah.
And so I'm like, guys, I'm sorry. It's like how a magician stops halfway through and he goes, I'm sorry, I have to remind you again.
Nothing up my sleeve.
Because this rabbit's actually just flying out of hats.
Now, I mean, what I'm not gonna do, Dan, and I'm saying I'm not going to do this because I don't want to ruin the experiment.
I could play that same beat again and I think you're in such a zone that you could even go further than that.
I'm not going to. We're gonna save it for later at any point though.
I feel like you need to be in that free fall state.
I'll tell you what, tonight, little favor to you.
Okay.
Catch me off guard.
Alright.
Sneak up on me. Be like Kato and Pink Panther.
Am I mixing my references?
You're close enough.
Alright.
The guy that Clusso pays to keep him on his toes.
Yeah, attack me.
Come up behind me.
Try and catch me. You can't.
Because you opened up with it with a real normal pitfall of saying in the mouth.
And then it has to be.
Exactly.
Because it's just like rum, rum, rum in the parking lot.
Okay.
We're not, we're porn... we're pornifying it.
Pornographizing?
Pornographizing it.
Alright, we got a lot of stuff to do.
Here's my new segment.
It's called Controversial Thoughts.
Woo!
No!
No.
Okay.
I know.
That was not the time for it.
But I like that you're on your toes.
Alright.
Because you're fucking nimble as a mountain goat tonight.
What's going on?
You know how cockroaches?
You probably don't know this.
I provide knowledge.
I drop it.
I drop science.
I spit fire.
I provide knowledge.
Have you ever spit knowledge?
Times on accident.
The cockroach has a photoreceptor in its legs.
It's running before it knows why.
When you turn on the lights, the cockroaches start running.
Its brain doesn't even, hasn't even, has yet to say,
oh shit, I'm a cockroach.
Its legs are going, you have to run.
There's light.
We're a cockroach.
When I hear that beat, Jeff, I start moving and rapping.
Because the street part of me has its own tiny, urban brain.
I'm not saying urban people have a tiny brain.
Or that they're cockroaches.
Oh boy.
Well, like cockroaches, we, the urban people, will never die.
I speak on behalf of us.
What is it about you that makes you so urban, dad?
Because I'm from the streets.
That's the only thing that you need.
I'm 52nd in Calumet, bitch.
Milwaukee.
Look it up.
526, I think that was my area code.
You'll see.
There's a street there.
Controversial, controversial thoughts.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo.
Clearly you weren't ready for that one.
No, I was, you know, alright.
Here's the thing.
I saw monuments, men.
And I didn't, I don't know anything about this aspect of history.
But it seemed to me like Hitler was really into art.
Just like America and Europe and everybody.
It seemed like poor people just kill each other in wars
and rich people just care about paintings.
So I wasn't that moved by George Clooney's story about fat old men
going into war to protect paintings from Hitler
who was intent on building a giant Hitler museum
to store all the paintings.
Ugh.
Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah, oh, yeah, controversial thoughts.
Okay.
I mean, Aaron and I got in a fight about it.
She's an artist.
She's a visual artist.
Wait, no, what was the fight about?
What side were you on and what side was she on?
Well, because I was, because I don't know anything.
Who was on Hitler's side?
Me.
Kind of.
Oh, no, no, that's not true.
That's not true at all.
She kept accusing me of being a Hitler side.
The irony was, I'm not on Hitler's side.
I'm not on artist's side.
I'm not on art's side because I kept going like,
seems like art's kind of a, you know,
we keep talking about art, how important it is.
Everyone agrees art and support is important.
There's a scene in the movie where they find,
they're looking for all this art.
We gotta protect the art.
And then they find a bunch of gold.
And then like, Eisenhower comes down,
he's taking his picture with all the gold
and like two of the characters go,
you know, they give a fuck about gold,
but they don't give a fuck about art.
It's like, what's the fucking difference?
There's just less art.
It's like, the gold is like stacks of shit
that everyone agreed was valuable.
That's all art is.
And I was just like saying,
Aaron was, Aaron bursted the tears part of it,
not because she thought the movie was good,
but because she actually,
because she thought the movie was profaning
something that she cared a lot about.
She was explaining, by the way, we're both drunk.
She's explaining the way home.
Like, oh, I just, you know, it's like,
Hitler, like he wanted to, he wanted to destroy
all the art that he didn't think was good.
And that was terrible.
There's a scene where they blow-tarch a bunch of art.
And I was like, well, that was Scorched Earth, though.
They were, Hitler did a Nero doctrine where he said,
if I fall or if Germany falls, start destroying everything.
So then the art was in trouble.
So I was just like driving home with Aaron and going,
like, I feel like all the rich people in the movie
all agree that art is valuable
and all the poor people were just off camera
getting shot and blown up.
And all of them were like, fuck art.
Like, there's a bullet in my brain.
And that's the side I was on.
But she twisted that into me being pro-Hitler.
Because I was like, he wanted to make a museum.
He didn't want to make a museum.
He wanted to make a very big Hitler museum.
That is not debatable.
He declared lots of art degenerate art.
But also, there was just also, it was open season,
if like Himmler or whoever.
So I'm really into such and such an artist.
That was for you.
Like, whether or not that was degenerate or not.
It was just basically, let's just go pilfer and loot
all of Europe.
They stole all the art.
But they weren't going to open a museum.
They weren't earning it.
They were all going to go keep it and hoard it
because you could equate that to gold.
Worth money.
Worth gold.
Yeah.
And that's different from the Vatican Howe.
Wow, you made a leap there, man.
That's different from the Louvre Howe.
I mean, why are we all hoard art?
We hang it on the wall.
We look at it.
It's fucking great.
It's so valuable.
We all agree it's valuable.
Wow, look at this precious thing.
It was one of a kind.
Gold is valuable because it's a rare element.
Aluminum is less valuable.
I would say gold is more arbitrary.
A value of worth just because it doesn't decay
or oxidize or whatever.
Art you could at least agree on that it has beauty,
has like intrinsic value to whoever.
But I don't think that's what they were doing.
There's a bunch of asshole German guys going around there
and stealing shit that they wanted to belong to.
I don't think those guys had good taste.
I think the first person that will tell you that
is an artist, someone in art school.
They can't wait to tell you what a mediocre artist Hitler was.
You know why?
Because otherwise, Hitler's just an artist.
Everyone's going to tell you what a bad artist Hitler was
because otherwise you get to go,
yeah, you artists, you live in boxes
and you eat poop for living,
but give you a little bit of power and oh boy.
They got to go,
Hitler doesn't count, Hitler doesn't count.
It's really bad at perspective.
He was an artist.
I haven't seen the movie, but there are like,
you see films of like the German museum
is like during the Reich and they, you know,
cleansed Europe or at least Germany of all the degenerate art.
And so there's all these galleries full of like Germanic,
just a bunch of like big macho statues
and there's no emotion to it.
It's just really stark and intimidating.
Meanwhile, the Nazis that had taste
were scooping up all the Botticelli
and all the really good shit,
and they were all just taking it like,
like we know that Hitler's not down for this,
but we want a fucking gigantic basement
full of the stuff that we know that will always have value, right?
Yes.
So, okay, look, I don't,
I probably won't see the movie,
is there a way to tell me what happens without spoiling
or is that the whole story?
Hitler loses all his art.
He loses all the art.
And we get it all back.
Do we get it all back?
Or is there a bunch of lost?
Is there a bittersweet code?
We'll never know what we didn't get back.
There's points where they're holding up like burnt frames
and it says Picasso on the bottom.
It's like we lost a fucking Picasso.
Yeah, but also we lost a bunch of people.
And also like, you know, like, yeah.
Yeah.
Come on, Colbert and they showed a clip of him and that,
Damon talking about how old they were
and they're going to go save art paintings.
It didn't seem like a good movie.
It's, yeah, it's not, it's, it's, it's,
the concept of whether or not a painting
is worth more than human life,
I think is a very important one
and I think that you need to,
yeah, I mean, it's just, you need to be cinematic.
Ciscal and Abert wade movies on thumbs
and some people wade on stars.
I feel a more accurate way to measure
a movie's value is through freestyle rapping.
Okay, look.
It was about to rhyme with Rocket.
I was going to go places.
All right, new segment, next segment.
Do you want a different beat or do you want to stick with that?
I don't, I'm not in control.
My new segment is called Ruin It For Me.
Yo, yo, ruin it for me.
I'm happy about something.
See, you're going to come up and ruin it for me.
Okay, so.
That was good.
For real, don't base this at what,
we can do a segment later called I want to be on stage.
And I will, we will not punish you
for wanting to be on stage, but for real,
like, if you, if you really think
you can ruin this for me because you've been thinking
about it more than I have, because I heard,
I saw one paragraph on the internet
and I get excited and then I retweet it
and then I feel like my job is done
and I live in a better world.
The gay NFL guy.
The guy, we have our first openly gay NFL guy.
That's all I know. That's it.
I know one tweet's worth of information.
It's very uplifting to me.
I would imagine it's very hard to be
an openly gay NFL draft pick
or whatever the hell he is.
Sounds like our first gay sports corner.
No.
Gay sports corner.
I mean, I want to, yes, and you,
but that's really a derailment.
Because the segment is,
I'm happy about this current event
that I know one tweet's worth of information about.
What I want is for somebody,
because I, then I go to bed and I go,
you know, the world's getting better.
Gay rights, it takes a huge leap forward.
Somebody that's in a position
to be nothing but punished for it
comes out and says,
hey, I'm gay, which really is more
symbolic of the fact that, you know what,
your neighbor's probably gay.
There's people who aren't admitting it
and it's not weird to be gay
and I can throw a football or I can catch it
or whatever the hell he does in that dumbass sport.
I'll become open minded about that shit
and I'll die.
Because those guys called me fags
for a long time.
But, so that's it, right?
I go to bed, I sleep like a baby,
but there's got to be somebody in the room, right,
who can tell me, because this is how it always works,
like you mentioned it at a cocktail party
and then somebody goes, yeah, but you know that guy's a pedophile.
Or that guy, that guy wasn't going to be,
he was the number three draft pick
because it actually boosted him to number one.
So is there anybody here that has
like mitigating information
to dilute this rainbow of joy?
He has a room full of Hitler's art.
I'll say this, Dan.
A guy, believe me,
I don't know much about it either,
but there's a guy who's going into the draft, right?
Is a college player going into the NFL draft
and before he got drafted,
he said, also, I'm a homosexual,
which might make him less marketable
because coaches are weird about
putting distractions as they call it
in their locker room.
That could be some guys two in the news
or two of this or that,
and I don't want to fuck up my locker room with this or that.
On ESPN news, there were people
who are coaches, who are pundits,
who come out and talk about all sorts of issues.
They all, like, they were like,
would that be distracting for you?
You were a coach once, or you were a player once,
and a lot of people came out
and say, because there's certainly no market
and say, yeah, I wouldn't want to be in a room with that guy.
They don't say that.
What they do is say, well, you know,
I do see the side of the locker room.
You know, locker rooms, there's lots of different kinds
of people in there, different whatever,
and it can be a distraction.
You're like, you basically just said
that would be a problem for you.
And also, other people have said,
so somebody was asked, some player was asked,
what percentage of NFL players
currently do you think are gay?
So anywhere between 5 and 80%,
like, is that zero?
Well, that's where this don't ask, don't tell thing.
We went through this with the military.
I think a gay activist,
a man would tell, would say,
that was into this, would go,
you know what, it's a fucking distraction
for the parking meter
attendant that I'm gay.
On some level, like, there's not equality yet.
Like, somehow, even though
I don't have to tell you where I put my dick
when I look for pleasure,
somehow, it's a straight run society
and it's blowing back on me.
And somehow, like,
because straight people
can run around high-fiving each other for being straight,
you can put up billboards that have innuendo,
like, hey, come get a bagel,
it's kind of like fucking a pussy, right?
And on some level,
like, starburst commercials,
and it's a straight man's world.
And so there's, like,
a certain amount of, like,
if you come out of the closet
and you're in a political position,
you know, it's a risky proposition.
Like, people, like, Kobe got in trouble
for calling somebody faggot.
Like, that's something you just, like,
certain people just say when they get angry.
I don't know that was necessarily homophobic,
which is something that certain people just say
and people drop n-bombs on each other.
It doesn't necessarily mean they're saying that.
Sometimes they do, sometimes they don't.
But I would imagine that any sports locker room,
when you have a bunch of people who aren't necessarily,
like, across the board,
like, PhDs,
and they're trained to be really good at one,
like, athletic endeavor,
there's gonna be lots of, like, visceral bullshit,
and
they're gonna tease you about anything that you're different at.
Let's say you read a lot.
But using that as a reason to, like,
not draft people, then we have a problem,
because we have systemic, that's the thing.
And the thing is, because if this guy
made it to the college level,
being into football and
being gay...
The reason why it's good for him is because he's, like,
I think he's, like, a graduate or some good school
or something like that. Like, he's got a shit together
and he's, you know, like, he's not just
some any old knucklehead. Like, would you actually have to be a representative?
I think it's smart, because what you don't want to do,
which I think a lot of people, the reason why they can't come out,
if you're in a soccer locker room
or a football or baseball locker room,
and you've been playing with these people for
eight years, and you've been
in the shower with them for eight years, and you go,
oh, by the way, the whole time that we've been doing dick jokes
and doing all this, like, grab-assing
weird male shit that we all do,
I've always been gay the whole time.
Then you open yourself up to a whole other thing.
He's saying, before you draft... Right.
If this ruins my career,
I want everyone to know, before I go in,
I'm gay. Now, currently,
my favorite fucking thing in the world is,
and I forget his name, but I love the Winter Olympics
and the cat that's gay that calls
the figure skating?
What's his name? Reed? Weir.
Johnny Weir? Yeah.
Yeah, John Weir. And he,
Vladimir Putin's Russia, who has made it
very clear that it's not cool to be gay there,
although he never has a shirt on,
and he's constantly
straddling some sort of beast.
Johnny Weir comes out dressed
like the fucking, like the
Easter Parade every time,
and he's just like, hello!
And he's dressed like Peter Pan,
and it's good, and he's got, like,
he has the best makeup on, and he couldn't...
There's no way to be gayer than Johnny Weir
is right now in Russia. And he's basically
saying, come arrest me on fucking camera,
and that's great, because
sport has to be full of gay people.
Like, it has to be full of everything,
and I love the fact that
Russia was homophobic, or is.
I'm like, oh, you know, but so is America.
So is probably every
government, like, across the board in some ways.
But Russia came out and said,
don't propagandize
about your homosexuality.
John Weir's
just presents in Russia as propaganda, which is
awesome.
Don't propaganda is homosexuality, because
we're all just
a tick away from
going homo if we see the right poster.
They made
it really ambiguous, like,
no gay propaganda. What does that mean exactly?
Yeah, you know, don't be gay and be happy.
And they go, just keep it
around. Don't jump around being gay.
Keep it away from the kids.
So if I walk by a child,
they left it pretty fucking loose.
All right. Well, so
I'm leaving it at that. I'm not going to stretch this out.
Let's say there's 150 people
in this room. I said, ruin it for me. It doesn't sound
like this guy sounds like
he made getting drafted a little more difficult
in the 11th hour
by doing this amazing thing.
He certainly did, because there might be some coaches
who say, I don't want that quote-unquote
distraction. Because why bother? And you could fall
back on, I'm not homophobic, but it's a
distraction. So he had that
horrible
empire of mediocrity working against him.
Worse than having
active aggression working against him.
He had actual just status quo
stagnation working against him.
Just gravity. Let's say
you're a coach of
the Patriots.
I'll make up a team, like the
flim flammers. And
you have a quarterback that is
worth all the money in the league. And
you, as a coach, happen to know that this guy
is a rampant homosexual. Rampant?
Well, yeah.
Rampant.
As soon as the lights go down,
he's just
gay bashing.
Wait, is he
rampant homophobic or rampant homosexual?
I'm sorry, I meant homophobic. Oh, rampant homophobic.
Okay, that's why.
Rampant homosexual. I'm sorry, I missed
going.
I said rampant, I went and hold a different
direction. But listen, like you as a coach
know that a certain percentage of your
team are homophobic. Right. And they're
worth a zillion dollars. Like, do you want to
bring out like a linebacker in who
causes distress? Capitalism,
mediocrity,
path of least resistance, people doing
what they do, wanting
today to be as easy as yesterday.
Those are the things that heroes rise
up against. It's not
when it's fashionable, not when
you can goad people to throw
lettuce at you and somehow
garner that into like a murder story,
which is what I often do in my own little
world. You know, like somebody that
rises up and goes like, you know what, I
could have fucking just hung out forever
with this toupee on. But I'm bald,
motherfucker. I got it.
My scalp itches. And
actually, it wasn't even about selfishness.
Like you said, there's a
courtesy to that to go like, you know
what, so that seven years later when we
got our Super Bowl rings, like you, I
want you to have gotten it with a gay
guy in the locker room. I don't want
this to be a story that somehow
brings us back down into the gutter
about showers and all this shit.
Anyways, that's enough of that.
But my point wasn't so much
about, you know, we're in L.A., we can
love gay people all we want. But my point
was more like in this age, like you
hear these heroic things and like, you
know, there's a spin on them. And then so often
like you read one more paragraph down
and you click on one comment in the comment
section, it just starts to fall apart
because of relativity and all this stuff. But it
sounds like a pure hero story.
Are you hoping that somebody did mitigate
that? No, I'm glad nobody did.
No, no wrong answers.
If somebody came up and ruined it, that's
good too. Like, that's
interesting as well. That would show
us that there's no such thing as
fucking heroes. Like, would Julian Assange
like get
tangled up in some weird sexual stuff
or Martin Luther King, like
the first thing they go after is his
crotch, you know, because he's causing
trouble. Like, maybe what we need
to learn is that we're not supposed to be
looking for these non-human people.
Just so happens that this guy sounds
like inhumanly awesome. Alright,
enough of that. Whatever his name is, and he plays
a dumb sport, so he's a fucking idiot.
And
that is a prejudice I will go to
my grave with. And that segment
is called Burying the Lead.
That's why
I was especially inspired by it because it
means that people can do heroic things even
if they're so not bright that they play
football for their whole lives.
I think that's inspiring that lizard people
can also be
heroic.
I'm making, I'm kidding.
I'm sure there's great football players out there.
Come on the show, we'll talk to you.
We'll have a special microphone that picks up
on whatever wavelengths you speak in.
It won't block
the pathway through your mouth so you can breathe.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
How good do you think you would be,
the world's greatest interviewer,
how good do you think you would be with a
famous, highly educated, black, gay,
NFL draftee?
I don't know.
That sounds kind of awesome. Is this guy
black by the way? Yes. Oh fuck, he's
awesome.
I just automatically pictured
this honky
part fed
Woody Harrelson guy.
Why is it better than he's black?
Because black people are even more awesome than gay people.
I don't know, that's amazing.
Because he's got even less reason
as a black man to come out of the closet.
That's fucking, are you kidding me?
There's a horribly entrenched
homophobic culture
that's accepted because
we don't have to explain this.
The show will be two hours long.
It will be, but we're going to talk about other stuff.
No, I says, what?
My white guilt and my
straight guilt make this guy being gay and black
fucking amazing. I'm almost willing to forgive him
for playing football.
I would
love to talk
to him about, I mean, how do you...
So now that he's black, you want him on the show?
He's not a lizard man anymore?
No, I would have wanted to talk to him no matter
what his race was.
And that's on the record.
No, but come on.
Fuck you. I'm not apologetic about my glee
about wanting people
who have reasons to be afraid
being not afraid.
I think that's
fucking amazing.
Anyways, let's
speaking of being afraid and being activated
and all kinds of stuff, I want to move forward.
We got
a guest tonight
that I mentioned last week because I felt like
last week I complained about Uber.
I complained about
I don't know how hard it is for me to scratch my ass
and jerk off into a laptop.
The theme last week was
kind of like
was sort of like
it was first world problems
to be sure. And I'm not ashamed
of that. I'm in the first world. I have problems.
I'm not going to...
But I also kind of came to this epiphany
during that as I have often like, yeah, but
I'm 41.
I don't give a shit. I got to start figuring out
the world. But I don't believe in politics.
I don't buy into the liberal versus conservative shit.
I think that
the fucking government is an asshole
and people who aren't systems aren't assholes.
And so the thing that really appeals to me at a blush
that I know nothing about
is this concept of net neutrality.
And I happen to know through Aaron
this net neutrality activist.
And his name is Eddie Geller and he's here.
Thank you.
Sit anywhere you like.
Thank you. Thank you so much.
It's my favorite part of the show. I get to sit down.
Perfect.
Alright, so I purposely didn't research
because that's my passion is for doing nothing.
I know for sure
that the words net neutrality
mean that the internet
is a perfect place where everybody can do
whatever the hell they want.
And that must mean that there's some FCC
types coming and got in for us that are trying
to make sure that there's some kind of law
going down the road that's going to protect
the interests of corporations and things
and ultimately marginalize the poor. Do you take it from there?
Yes. You pretty much nailed it.
So net neutrality is essentially
the default way that we think about the internet
that you're free to go anywhere
and go to any sites
and anyone who starts a website
can get to you. It's this free flow of information.
And so the reason
net neutrality has been in the news
is because the government agency
that oversees this, the FCC
had these net neutrality rules
that they made in 2010. They said
alright, if you are a Comcastier or Time Warner
you can't fuck with people's internet.
You have to let them go where they want.
And those rules just got tossed out
in the DC circuit court.
So now it's like
when the internet first started
we kind of had some net neutrality rules
and then those got
deregulated and we were in this
Wild West for a little bit and then these
new net neutrality rules
and I apologize that this is a little
goes a little in the weeds, but these
newer net neutrality rules which were kind of a half
measure got thrown out. So we're back in the Wild West.
So right now it's an open table?
Yeah, it's essentially
anything could happen, but these
In Deadwood you've got your Hearst
moving into town. He's
there, he's got his resources
but they've also got your
swear engines and your other people
like whoever shoots who first.
Exactly. Well and the other
thing that happened this week is
Comcast is attempting to buy Time Warner Cable.
So Comcast is the biggest
provider of internet and TV
trying to buy the second biggest
provider and so
we're talking about a giant
mega corporation that has
enormous control over everyone's communications.
So everyone, remember
when you seem a little younger than me
when I was a lad
that phrase Time Warner
didn't exist. There was a
time and there was a Warner Brothers.
Right, right. And now
Comcast is going to merge with Time Warner.
Yeah, that's what they're going to try and do and so
this is and so net neutrality
activists such as myself, we see
this is a terrible thing.
We don't need less companies
in control of our communications.
So when we talk about being in control because
where now I went I went to
Europe recently and I was in a hotel
room and there was like a way for me to get
I could get free internet. It was free
Wi-Fi that seemed to be somehow in
the ether almost like a kind of ether
internet.
I didn't have to give a credit card number
I could get on the internet by putting
I think I had to put my email address or something like that
but it was certainly and I don't know how I
found this out but the porn was definitely
blocked like it was a it was sort
of like a it was sort of like a Disney
disneyfied like that of internet
that is that
the world that was like like when we
talk about companies like Comcast
and Warner Cable because they offer
cable internet is the idea that
they're going to offer
they think that they see a world
where internet is like cable yes and
that they're they can offer
these sort of packages right and this
you know that they that they
can make their content go
faster and run better
for you at home and then other people
you know smaller websites or
other people making content are going
to you know have a second-class internet.
So you go to the president's website who's telling you
hey it's I'm the president I had
an Easter egg roll and a car wash and
I love guns or I hate guns and in either
case like fucking pay attention to me and it's like
whoosh comes through you at maximum
bandwidth and then you go to a GeoCities
page where someone's like fuck the president
fuck the government they all governments
you can't read the first three words
it's slowly loading
yeah yeah exactly and that actually something
like that actually happened in Canada where
this telecom had
its union was striking against them and
so the telecom blocked the
the website to the union so it's
you know it it's like we see these
little things that are that are fucked up and it's
not all going to happen tomorrow it's like tomorrow the internet
is not going to all be this like dire situation
but these are the things they're capable
of doing but we might as well be talking about
telegraph neutrality
or telephone telephonic neutrality
which are a lot that you said the
FCC is involved the FCC
shouldn't even fucking exist anymore
because the insane thing is that the
reason they existed this is me going back
to my freshman year communications
class but what I understand
about the FCC is that
the reason they exist is because
there was this thing called radio
and we just invented it
and we thought that it was like a big
pie and each
slice was a frequency and you could
well we need the government's help
so that everyone can have radio
everyone gets a slice and we got to make
sure that nobody gets too big
a slice or that there's not enough slices
blah blah blah cut to
these people telling you that the
Janet Jackson's titty is offensive
during the Super Bowl it makes no sense
it has nothing to do with anything because far
since the FCC was established we found
out that there's no such thing as limitations
on frequency
it doesn't matter
but the thing about government is
that God bless them they're only trying
to help probably usually but they
never fucking go away
once they're around they never go away
and I'm not being a libertarian by saying that
I'm just being a human being that's saying
once you invite these guys into your life
and they start telling you
like no one's ever
going to have a meeting where they go so that's it
FCC's finished huh
all in favor no more
FCC
it never happens so they're still around
and it doesn't like why are they still around
well no and I think like stuff like
the you know the Janet Jackson
nipple thing is is ridiculous but
there is also a school of thought which I
you know subscribed to which is like
in an ideal world we want
someone like the FCC
to say that these
Comcast of the World cannot work
but you made it sound like they were protecting us in an ironic twist
yeah well I mean
on the internet so it's like you know the FCC
has sort of a wide
purview of things they do and so
the hope would be that on the grounds of the internet
that they would tell these
you know these huge corporations that you cannot
fuck with people's access right
and that I mean and that's a totally different story
than you know Janet Jackson's nipple
you know this is you know clearly two different
things but I totally get your point
right right alright so let's
set up the chess board right now and hopefully
you can explain it to me like where the pawns are
where the kings are etc we've got all of us
who don't give a shit about anything
who would never impinge on anyone's right to do anything
everyone listening to me
everyone in this room every human being
that was born with a beating heart we've got
all those people now
now we've got those people all like
done deal no one's ever gonna fucking
vote for anything or
do anything unless they're operating on some kind of weird
agenda now so
now let's bring in the corporations what
what what what is their
relationship with the government in all of this
they well so if
if the FCC
I'll go back to that for a second if the FCC actually
wanted to do something wanted to be really
good and go back to regulating the internet
the way it had been when it first
started and really like put the hammer down
then what would happen is these
corporations who have enormous lobbying
power would actually tell
congress to be like cut the funding
for the FCC not necessarily destroy it
but you know
deplete it severely so I mean
there's so much power and they have
so much influence lobbying not only congress people
but going to the FCC and lobbying
the people who work over there so I mean
it's a gigantic
I mean there's no two ways now my brain's a
because I'm really realizing the extent to which I
started babbling about the FCC and how it should go
fucking something you're like the biggest
fan because it's like the government is
like like the only recourse of us being
like a European nation where it's like they're
I know nothing about this what's the
danger that they will actually control certain content
based on like if Fox
controls Comcast or whatever that they
want to control certain like political
content or well they'll be
I mean we'll go ahead oh well
that well the fears that
Comcast would you know
prioritize their own content
and block and slow down content that's not
there were you talking about that or the FCC
I mean I was going to like an Orwellian
kind of like well I'm
I'm all in for Orwellian
physically geographically let's
look at it like a map of the city and let's pretend
that the internet is traffic
yeah like it's the streets it's the
infrastructure okay so I think that's why you're
saying the FCC needs to be involved
because the government needs to be involved in which
lights turn green at which time right and which
whether which streets are widened which are not
and if you if you privatize
the city streets then
the the
pinkberry
is going to go okay where are you going
you're going over to mom
pops
at rush hour and you know what we got to close
that street down anyway it's like you know
exactly we're giving
privatizing things that everyone uses
is never a good idea
I'll go out on a limb here be
in health education so where do we stand right now
are we in some sort of crisis right now like
is it like is it we in the balance
right well yeah we're it's kind of precarious
right now so the FCC
is you know it is saying actually
now that these rules have been thrown out they're
considering what they're going to do next they say
they still care about net neutrality
though the new head of the SEC
is a former communications lobbyist
which shouldn't surprise anyone that
that's pretty much our government works but the hope
is that you know I
it's we were talking in the back about
how you know hopeless this might
be and you know that might
be true but like it that you know
activists you know people I work
with you know it's like our only thing it's like
well we gotta fucking do something like even if
it's a petition and we have to like
you know go down to DC and yell at these
people you know what we're
saying in the green room was
like like cuz kumail said like man
you guys gotta I mean it's stuff so important
and then everyone has such a short attention span
you guys got to call it change it from net neutrality
to like butt fun or something
that's like yeah but like
like the real danger the real
problem is that like we
we're competing with people who work
legislatively bureaucratically
their joy in life is to
hang out push buttons yes no
vote on this I believe in this system
I'm the thing the problem
is that the beating heart of humanity the
regular person who just wants to
hang out and live their life pursue their happiness
they don't they
you can convince them to get invested in
toppling over a statue of a horrible
monster you can convince them
to like like sign a petition
you can convince them to
to stand on the on their
desk to say captain my captain
they we love those moments because we're
dramatic people and we love stories what we
don't love is long hard fucking slogs
against the forces of night because
that's called working at a DMV
like we don't we don't want to hang out and fucking
oh from three to six I guess I got to
get on the internet and click this so that
we can keep our internet free
there's got to be a way for us to
because and also it's like like
we're talking about like now they've
now they've convinced us that like the
the it's a fight between the
government and corporations Jesus Christ
who the fuck wants either of these guys to win though
that fight this this this the internet
was kind of ours I mean like this is like
we have a chance to keep it
take it fucking keep it
Christian Slater supposed to come along
and save us from all that like
we got by pumping up the volume
are you talking about gleaming the
cube I don't know which Christian Slater
move I mean I'm saying some he's supposed to come
along in some some so what we I mean
like like I have no that's the
beginning of the degree of who owns
the internet the like
for a long time the answer has been kind of
up in the air and what we
don't want is for that to have an answer
ever right the way that
we kind of didn't want
like the days of manifest destiny
it was like okay we're
we're just gonna we're gonna make a nation and then
it was a war between the people who wanted one
big old country and the people who wanted each state
to be independent and then we we get tricked
into thinking that we have to choose between one
good guy one bad guy and it's like they're all
a bunch of fucking politicians right
no and I and I actually I totally
agree with your butt fun
theory of change don't and I really
it's kumail's butt fun
I might have been fun but I'm not sure I don't want to
defame but I really think
that so in Iceland there's a politician
called Jan Narn
he was a comedian and he started
this joke party called the best party
and they promised like free towels
and that they would listen to women
and like
and just like
like making free towels
and so crazy
it started off as this joke and then
became like a real thing and he actually got
attention and became the mayor of Iceland
and so that's and our because it continued to be
entertaining right exactly the way walking
dead does the way the way true
detective does the way
like we've got a nation of people who can
agree on one thing for sure you got our
devotion if it suits
our consumption right
devotion without consumption
is tyranny
I
think like that like I
thank the crowd for being in it for this
wonky sort of discussion but that
no they like listening they're into it
if they're not fuck them
but I think I mean like I hate to sound
thick about this but I'm not sure what I'm
supposed to be afraid of right now the government or the corporations
we're gonna figure something out we don't have to
figure out today what am I supposed to be
where am I supposed to aim my BB gun
you should be you should be for net neutrality
I certainly am but I don't
I don't know who I'm what building
I'm supposed to go toilet paper right now
well I mean it I think
if you know the corporations
I hate to sound so simplistic would be the
bad guys in the situation and if you're
an average citizen then you are hopefully
telling the FCC telling your representative
that you want net neutrality
and you know you're trying to counterbalance
you're saying the head of the FCC is a former
lobbyist he is but I mean
you know if they only hear one
side you know then we're doubly
fucked and so it's like
yes the system is totally
you know
you know going against us but like you know we
we go and we yell at them
when we can but isn't the internet punk rock
enough like when they came after Napster we
we all used to a long time ago
go get music for free and then that
peer-to-peer stuff we all used to get whatever we wanted
then that became illegal then gradually we all
okay fuck it iTunes 99 cents
then Spotify comes along there's a way to monetize
that and we pay for that it always seems like
the internet finds a way to make it egalitarian
and to make it
like freebie and sexy
and punk rock wouldn't like aren't
there enough cool like a revolutionary
we're talking about the actual structure of the internet
yes I'm saying is there no way
to get underneath that and to subvert
that or no I mean there are people who talk
about that and but
it's not something that
one should count on or
looks like it would be any sort of viable
option I mean actually where it sounds like the only
heroes right now that you can actually
rely on are the hackers are the anonymous
people
that the people who are simply anarchists are
simply in favor of subversion and
of course you can't rely on them to
to do anything but corrode
which is what I want them to do if there were ever
another revolution like in the
way that we revolted against
the English and the way
certain countries revolt against empires
the next revolution would have
to be like an information one
would have to be it wouldn't it wouldn't be a country
again I mean there's
certainly there was there was there was still be countries that revolt
against their imperial masters but
the next one would have to be us revolting
against a
a control like
that I feel like it's going to be lead pipes
in the street because of information
well yeah well because like when there are
riots and you know people people go
protest against the you know the world trade
organization whatever the first thing they do is they switch off
your cell phones and that you can't text if you do
you're you're you go to jail and
they will make and I think they're going to do that
here and I think that yeah I
foresee like the moment they switch off our
fucking funds there we will have to revert
to lead pipe technology because that's all
we have in our fingertips yeah and
we won't know how to fucking make a lead pipe
because we won't be able to google how to make
lead pipes so google
it now
print it out that's what we're saying
like I
want I mean I don't want to live in a time
where there is revolution because upheavals a bummer
and everybody starts 40 year olds yeah
I don't have the back for it it's a big
fucking drag it's nice to live in a
country or to live in a world where there has been
a revolution in the last
century because we're all the beneficiaries
of incredible robots
the new paintings men and women that
stood up and fucking did crazy things
we the lights will go out for a while
and when they shut the lights out on us
now it's the lights out in a whole
different way like you and I
Dan and I don't know how old you
Eddie I'm 30 yes I mean so like we
talked about this before like there was a
time when lights went out and it didn't
mean that much you you lit a candle and
you didn't have a fucking cell phone
anyway like now the moment they start
fucking with our ability to communicate
with each other on the level that we're used to
people are going to lose their minds
there's to be a weird kind of ludite revolution
because for the people that are the biggest
fans of the technology it's called
steampunk bro
we have to start talking to each other now
we have to create a network of
Dixie cups and strings
to prepare to doomsday
prep for the man coming down
on us I mean I got to tell you Eddie
like I think I think you're one of these
people that's like like you have the
practical solution and you're the one that
actually is practical about it and I feel
like just as dumb would be Han
solos who's decided that he's going
to do nothing and that that's more convenient
because I feel I feel
bad for a genuine
hard-working erstwhile
net neutrality activist who
has found themselves in the position of
petitioning
a fucking corrupt
right government official
in hopes that they'll
protect them more than you'll play
yeah I know and no
thank you for that there's got to be a
there's got to be a way around this
there's got to be a way we can just flip this whole
cop car over because
we have net neutrality right now and we should
use it in a sign of fucking
you Eddie who your site
set on right now if there's a car you I mean
like a metaphorical car you could flip
over without flipping over an actual car like
what is it that's a good question
I haven't thought about it in those
terms
I guess I'd blow up the puppies first
net neutrality over
tell me what to point my confusion
or anger or rage at
you know I
this like and this goes a little
outside the bounds but I mean we
you know we have such a fucked up
system of campaign financing
that all that you know
I think everyone who hears this
and is in this room like knows that you know
elections are run on money
and I think until I thank you very much
and you know I
like until we like a top hat
that's not the only guy that agrees
you do that's just the only guy that thinks
that was a great time to clap
not that that was a wrong time
so I'm gonna clap him clap
thank you
so I
you know in the larger scale like and
that's actually the last the last place I
worked was working on sort of money
politics I mean I think
that is so unsexy but I think
it's at the core you know it's this
sort of like first issue until we find
a way to do you know
for instance a small dollar
funded campaigns or anything like that
and that's not flipping the car over
you know it's totally not fun but that is
no I mean that is that is like
the biggest god damn change that
has to happen and I know
dipping your pinky toe into that water all of a
sudden you're tainted with your
first things first buddy when you come through here
are you liberal you conservative you liberal
conservative I am
against fucking capitalism
being involved in civil service
I am like I don't think
that there's we know
we yell at Olympians
when they take
money from Wheaties like we
we want them to be non-professional
like we police when we want
to we figure out ways to keep money out
of stuff when it behooves us
we have a we have a whole
bunch of people who are willing to
jump into the now neutral
internet in search of finding ways
to keep money from flowing around
it's there's a lot of easy ways
to keep money from flowing around when it comes
to the fucking
old white dudes that we elect
to say yes or no to
all this bullshit that is supposed to be
at the end of the day should be the easiest thing in the world
it's like what do my constituents want
what are the how does this affect people in Connecticut
oh it affects apples so people
love apples in Connecticut okay done
instead of the that guy having somehow
been been some compromised
that's insane it's insane that that's
the presidency is involved in that it's insane
that we only have two candidates
from two parties it's insane that there's two parties
it's insane that we think that that's what government
is it's insane that we're taught that in high schools
it's it's all from money
it's all a bunch of goddamn
fucking bullshit
I would say Eddie Stan
let's bring Camille out here in case he has something to say with Eddie
Camille, not Johnny
Hello Camille
Hello Eddie
Good to see you again
Jeff
I wrote on a website that if you say people's names
to them they trust you more
Jeff
Thanks Camille
I like you more
but if you push it you become a creepy guy
I know people who do that
Camille
and here's the thing about that Camille
if you do it more
than three times in a minute
Camille the thing is
it starts to take on this
I called American Airlines for a problem
and they said my name way too many times
and I was like please stop saying my name
and then they tweeted an apology
with my name
you know I can't dig with the fucking
when you're on with AT&T or American Airlines
or fucking whatever
I said AT&T
I just want to make sure that my
I just got my new internet service
I can actually help you with it
actually what was going to happen
they keep saying actually
even they're surprised they can do something
whoa this is the first time this has happened
well I can actually help you with that
fucking la di da
I can actually do something about this
I can actually make a check out for you
you fucking speed it up
I can literally assist you right now
that's your job
it is weird because you're like
it's this huge like amorphous corporation
and you're talking to like one head of it right then
and they literally have almost
no power
when anyone calls me up I just changed over
I finally I found out by the way
the surprise
no one who listened to the show
I didn't realize that I've had DSL forever
like dick fucking lips
we all knew
well now that you say his name like that
now I see it
I said the way he said it it sounded like a disease
I did not assume that I had state-of-the-art internet access
but I got a disease
I didn't know it I've had DSL this whole time
oh yeah he did
I should have known it because my pinky always twitches
I am talking about second dick
yeah
it has nothing to do with sucking dick
it's just about the quality
like the fullness of the lips
DSL
yeah
go ahead
people respect your lips
they want them on their dick
it doesn't mean that you
that means when you see my lips
you wish they were on your dick
those are beautiful full lips
they're full lips and in an abstract way
it would be great
if they were around my dick
in an abstract theoretical way
wow
Jeff
so I'm on the phone
whenever
the telemarketers ever call me up
I use their name back at them
and it fucking bums them out
they don't like it
hello this is Leslie from 18A
hello Leslie how are you doing today
I go Leslie what's going on
I just wanted to go
come on Leslie
they don't fucking dig it
so fucking yeah
you can reverse the fucking
I feel so bad for them
now you're just staring at my lips like a weirdo
it's not so weird
isn't there a way
you can't suck your dick with lips
even though it doesn't
are you just getting horrible toothy blowjobs all the time
no a blowjob is more than lips
no I know
but that's what it starts
you know you
you've got dick suckin eyes
thank you
chamele
um
isn't there a way
to keep the internet exactly the way it is
even though it doesn't profit
anybody and there's no one that needs to be
shot or arrested
isn't it already fucked up because every time I shut my computer off
for some reason like whatever my home page
would be
once in a while
every fucking couple weeks it completely fucks
my settings all of a sudden
I know everything about Miley Cyrus
or a certain network
NBC is like
it's such bullshit
what they'll do is if you're installing a program
by like Microsoft or something
even though it has nothing to do with your browser
they'll change the default
homepage on your website
which is such shit I don't know how they're allowed to do that
that pisses me off so much
and also I think
it feels it's sad but it feels like
inevitable that we
net neutrality
it's gonna go away and then we're not even
gonna remember it and there's gonna be different tiered
service and I was talking you guys
mentioned this I really think
it needs a sexier name the neutrality
that word inspires
no passion it should be like net freedom
or that's what
Howard Kramer was saying
net freedom won't be a great name
net equality or net brave heart
net brave heart
a name we can get behind
six internets in a movie
like a slogan we can get
when I was a kid and the internet was just starting
we called it the world wide web back then
there was a thing called electronic freedom
but I think that sounded too cyberpunk
for they just sound too nerdy
neutrality I don't I mean it's obviously
something to hold on to
but it just doesn't I think people see that word
they don't get excited about it
no I don't disagree and there have been
numerous discussions by people much smarter
more powerful than I am who want to change
it and it's like they just keep defaulting
back to it because it's like oh I guess
it feels neutral about it
right I know it's
it's not very important
issue right I feel like
not that many people are engaged
if only Adam Goldberg were here to think
of a funny name or a better more punchy
name for net neutrality
I'm sure I'm shocked
that we didn't I wanted to
graduate him yeah I haven't heard a peep out
of him we're talking about
the internet and opinions
and he
and I haven't heard
a sound from the Goldberg section
we were talking about like Bigfoot last
week well maybe we've
achieved we've achieved Goldberg neutrality
maybe
he brought a date
maybe he's here on a date he's trying to impress
her or him was he surrounded by dudes
maybe he's
NFL quarterback Adam Goldberg
I don't know
that guy's not in the NFL or a quarterback
I know
it's my own form of prejudice I don't know anything about
sports they're all quarterbacks to me
and they're all gay now they're all gay
along this
I really hate when Ellen Page came out
she also came out a couple days ago
oh yeah yeah Ellen Page came out
and so many people on Twitter were like
surprise surprise that's not the fucking
no it's not it's not the point
the openly
part of openly gay is the important
point if gay
was the important point what do you do
you might as well congratulate people on being straight
the openly gay is the
important point because of the culture of
it's important and historic
that a guy in a notoriously
homophobic environment like the NFL comes out
and does that before he's even in like going through the draft
sure his career his
livelihood the things he's worked most of his life
toward is jeopardized
by him saying that that's awesome
I don't know what's at stake for an actress
I think it's gonna be hard for her to get
popular I think it's gonna get harder
I hope it doesn't
I hope so too
I don't know what the actual ramifications
well I also don't want to live in a world
where she has to sit and think about whether or not
she's famous enough or high stakes enough
to be
I don't know what I was gonna say
what I wasn't saying is that it merits
press conference status now
we have to come out
and all the fucking floodlights
have to be under and go here everybody
alright ok
ok gay gay gay
people like to get into a big crisis for everybody
it's insanity
I said this on Twitter but I feel like
at some point we're gonna live in a world where just saying who you
are isn't like a brave political statement
you know
We'll get there if people stop wearing hairpieces and stop having implants and stop being ashamed of what they are.
I felt like an asshole for watching.
I flipped by her press conference she was talking about.
Not against her or against what she's doing.
Who gives a shit?
Why is this a fucking story?
It's crazy.
But it's a story because it needs to be a story so that it's not a story in the future.
I'm just saying, let's fucking grow up as a country or as a world. Let's get past it.
That's why I love Johnny Ware for fucking dressing up like an absolute...
But what also sucks is that he can do it in Russia but nobody else can.
Is there on cameras?
It'll be funny the day some thresholds that we cross don't feel like thresholds.
Like the space program when it's like, okay, we've been exploring space so long.
Remember in Apollo 13, there's that sad scene where they're like, they're not on TV right now.
They think they're on TV but they're not on TV because you know why?
Because we're so fucking good at exploring space that as a species we've succeeded at something.
I just hope we get a female...
There will come a point where there will be some actor.
Ladies and gentlemen, daytime Emmy winner Kyle Flanagan.
I'm gay.
And you hear one picture.
It's like his mom.
I always knew you could do it.
There it is, the non-shot herd not around the world for gayness.
We are officially equal with gays.
It doesn't matter anymore because it's important is my point.
We shouldn't bully people for being gay.
We're not really allowed to because if Tom Cruise came out tomorrow,
it would be a big fucking deal.
And he hasn't yet.
And the fact that he hasn't yet is important.
And since he's not going to yet,
if eight people underneath him that equal one Tom Cruise underneath him all come out...
There's been so much denial for a lot of people through a lot of culture
that now the guy that didn't say eight years ago when he went into the first locker room with his NFL teammates,
now that's weird to do it.
Like at some point when you've just denied it for your whole life, it's heroic.
People go, look, guess what everybody, I'm coming clean.
That's fucking awesome.
I just wish that, like we're saying, that wasn't the top story.
There are also then what 10 years after that, after we achieved that fucking high watermark of like,
it doesn't matter if you're where you put your wiener,
there will be a guy who's like, you know what, I don't know where I want to put my wiener.
Put a label on that.
Call it asexual, call it still figuring it out, leave me alone.
Then that guy will be a hero.
As long as there's a status quo, there's going to be people who are heroic for confronting it
until we get to the point where we're all actually just honest with each other,
until we're not hiding things from each other,
because only then will we be truly different from the animals that we descended from.
We are such political mammals.
We invented it so when we were like these squirrel creatures,
and we are shaking that legacy.
I feel like it's like we're constantly in a battle with ourselves
over whether or not we're going to become insectoid or gods.
And I don't know which is worse or which is better.
What turns us into great people with almond eyes that are floating them through the cosmos,
seeking other people's DNA so they can splash themselves with some genetic compari.
I don't know, but I know that right now, it's not a great idea to lobby for borgness.
I get bummed out when people are offended by everything,
like, let's all be perfect and run, Mary.
But I also got a high five people who in the face of all of this chaos,
they rise up against the immediate things that make it difficult for them to...
For me, the big problem is whenever I turn the TV on and I'm watching anything,
there's commercials for me, and now we get to fast-forward to everything.
Commercials are broken up between...
Mostly for me, insurance commercials are a lot of insurance, lots of insurance commercials.
But then, more and more, it's like, I'm a truck guy.
Oh, yeah.
You know, truck guys.
Like, I was like, fucking stop it with a truck.
If you call yourself a truck guy, go fuck off.
I don't know what that means.
You turn it into a culture of identifiers.
There's a genre of commercial right now.
I was just, truck guy.
Okay.
Well, that's what manhood, they're trying to...
Because it's sort of changing, what being a man is, is changing, the more sort of sensitive,
less aggressive alpha men are sort of...
You know, that's who we're seeing in movies and stuff, too.
And so I think that's like a reaction to that.
Like, remember the good old days?
You had a truck and you'd fuck it every morning and that was...
I think that's what it is.
Look at my huge dick.
It's got so much room in it.
It's the first one-year-old, as she will say.
It is.
It's only...
I will say that's been going on forever.
It's 2014 that's been going on since the 70s.
Like, men have that...
We do that the same way politicians do it to us.
Politicians convinces that there's a left and a right so that they can fuck around with us forever
because there's only rich and poor.
Men say that there's such a thing as feminism and there's such a thing as masculinity
so that we can constantly go back and forth between being Alan Alda
and then going like,
Fuck it, I fuck it though, it's a guy thing, we've been doing it since the 70s.
That's as far back as I can go.
I'm assuming we've been doing that since 6000 BC.
I don't think we're ever gonna...
Like, that's a fucking dodge.
Like, that culture.
Like, we have like these belushies that are like out there going like speaking for us
and going like,
Real men don't apologize.
I'll fuck a quiche.
I'm gonna come on Tim Allen's forehead or whatever the...
And then we sit around and we go like,
Oh, fuck those guys, I wanna...
I'm metrosexual, I'm gonna...
You last on the fuck a quiche?
I last on to coming on Tim Allen's forehead.
Yeah, I'm not sure how that's masculine,
but I assume that those guys like they, you know,
Oh, come on my forehead, that's all we have left.
I don't know.
I got off on a tear.
I just didn't want to let men off the hook for a second there
because it was like the idea that recently there's some kind of like big volcanic
eruption of like masculine backlash.
That backlash has been there since forever.
I think it's a cyclical thing that we're returning to kind of a caveman-y kind of...
Like, it's okay to have Dennis...
What's his name? Dennis Leary?
Leary?
Like be the voiceover.
Hey, look at that.
The torque's on the truck.
The torque is what turns...
Torque, let me break it down for you.
It's what makes this beer cap come off your bottle.
Like, that's what they're fucking selling a truck to.
Ooh, is that how... is that what torque is?
Like, we're returning to the idea that let's get back to the good old days.
But just know when you say returning, you imply movement.
We all agree there's no movement happening, right?
There's stagnation. That's it.
No, I think we're moving.
There's a tube projecting fucking images into our living room.
Sure, but we're changing.
I think what it means to be a man, I think, is different from, you know, ten years ago.
And I think we're sort of a step in the right direction.
To the extent that it's not regulated by either corporations or the government.
Like, this internet thing happened, and we all kind of like...
There's been this burst of actual culture developing.
Like, we're kind of like...
Sure, yeah.
I would say that, bringing it back around to,
what the hell are we going to do about this?
Eddie Geller says...
What are we going to do about that?
We should go suck off this guy that works at the FCC.
Oh, thank you.
What do we do about it?
Oh, that's not me. Sorry.
I got that in my head.
I think it's just like, you know, it's tough, because I...
We also have such short attention spans.
Like, I was talking about this, like, remember a week ago,
we all had strong opinions on Woody Allen,
and now nobody's talking about it anymore.
Right, no, and that's definitely true.
But it's also cyclical, like, you know, net neutrality was a big thing.
Like, it first popped up in 2006, and then...
Soap and stuff, right, yeah.
You know, so, you know, it does pop up again when, you know,
the news finds it, you know, interesting enough to cover.
And I think, you know, just to be having this conversation,
you know, is worthwhile, and that might sound like not enough, but...
For real, though, that's the important thing.
What do you tell the 15-year-old kid who's listening right now
who shouldn't be, by the way?
But, like, he's listening.
He's like, you know what, I'm going to dip my toe into this big world,
and I'm going to start... I'm going to become a rebel.
I'm going to become an activist.
Like, how can you tell this kid, like, like...
Even what should he Google?
What should he start reading about?
Gee, sorry.
Well, there's... I'm actually about to start working for an organization
called Demand Progress, which was started by Aaron Schwartz,
the activist who, about a year ago, took his life.
So that's a great organization that I'll shell for,
because they are about to hire me.
What was he an activist for?
He was an activist for these same sorts of things from the Internet.
By the way, it gives me... It makes me feel...
It gives me no hope that the guy fighting for this was like,
fuck it, I'm going to kill myself.
Well, he... It's kind of a complicated story, but he had...
That's terrifying.
Well, he was actually...
So he was charged with stealing these journalistic articles
he was downloading from MIT.
It's like a very... It's a big can of worms,
but he did not, you know, to the best of my knowledge,
you know, take his own life because of this fight.
But yeah, so there are organizations.
Like, if you're someone who's like,
yeah, fuck it, I'll click this petition, I'll sign it,
then yeah, you can find an organization like Demand Progress.
Do those really make a difference
those petitions that you sign online?
You know, they imbue these organizations
that are working their ass off with a little bit of credibility.
Because if you're going to a congressman,
you're going to the FCC, and you have, you know,
100,000 petitions, then you're at least bringing something to the table.
And that does mean something to them?
Yeah, it does. If you have enough of them en masse,
it's a place to start, even if it's not...
You're not going to sign something and, you know,
give us net neutrality tomorrow,
but you will be helping the people who are, you know,
working to make this, you know, make these things better.
You're saying the least you can do
is sign one of these online petitions?
I think if you're listening and you're like,
what's the least I can do, then yeah.
You know, when a petition comes across your Facebook page
and you see it on Twitter, you know,
take the 30 seconds, fill it out,
and you know, give these organizations...
Can we sign 100,000 cars and flip them over?
It's just, you know...
And I think to be angry.
I think just to have some latent anger
for when the, you know, fat butt party comes along,
and you're like, yeah, these...
I love these guys. I want to vote for them.
It was fun butt, by the way.
Sorry, fun butt. Not anti-fat butt, I'm just saying.
Eddie Gallo, everybody. Thank you, Eddie.
Thanks for coming on.
Thanks, Eddie.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you.
Let's bring Spencer up right now.
Spencer Critt...
All right, Jeff, you snapped into action.
I don't have that clock over your shoulder anymore.
9.25.
Yeah, I know, I just looked at my phone.
And we started late too.
I got called up on stage.
Yeah, Spencer!
Remember when that happened?
Spencer, is it true that you're about to be 25 years old?
At midnight.
Yeah, yeah.
That's very midnight.
Spencer's birthday to you.
Spencer's birthday to us.
It's also Dustin Marshall's birthday actually today.
Come out here, Dustin.
Dustin, get out of here, little devil.
It's actually Dustin Marshall's birthday today.
Our podcast producer, extraordinaire, Dustin.
Podcast producer and podcast dungeon master,
they have consecutive birthdays.
It's weird, man.
Making for a veritable birth-to-palooza.
A kind of burning birth.
Can I mention how Anatoli's look is really coming along, huh?
Well, he's really committing to something right now.
He's really committing to something right now.
He's like a Roy Orbison.
Can I describe...
I want to describe her people sitting beyond row two.
Can you stand up and just sort of show...
Like, he's...
Really, it looks great!
Wait, what's he...
He's got an old-school Walkman, is that right?
Yeah, he's got an old-school Walkman.
So you're like Don Cheadle in Boogie Nights.
You're in search of an identity every...
Yeah, he's got big 70s glasses on, long 70s hair.
He looks like he might possibly either be Crosby Stills or Nash.
Yeah.
What's crazy is he hasn't even gotten to the mustache yet.
Look at that mustache.
I mean, this might be cynical of me,
but I feel like this whole Russian Winter Games has gone to your head
and I totally...
You've gone mad with Russian pride right now
and you feel like you can get away with anything.
Yeah, you don't look like a little kid
in the 70s had to draw a grown-up man.
I think you guys are connecting the Russian dot too much.
He came out here to be a director.
Remember, we've been with Anatoly since his birth as a character.
Oh yeah, that's it.
I'm the character.
He's like, I'm here to be a director
and we were like, do you watch TV?
No.
Do you?
Nothing.
He just wants to be a director.
He's titling into...
This is what directing is, as far as I know.
He's directing himself.
That's what you've got to do, you've got to look like a director.
But he's a director from the 70s for certain, right?
Yeah, he's got to work his way up to the present.
No, in the 70s, they were dressed like Roman Togas and stuff.
They had to do whatever they could to stick out.
He's an Italian director from the 60s, maybe.
Or at least George Landis.
John Landis.
Or George...
I combined George Lucas and John Landis.
Oh, wow.
And to one super 80s director.
One day we're all going to be working for Anatoly, kind of.
Anatoly, what tape is in your Walkman?
It's...
So, Polpina buys the kinks?
The kinks.
Oh, the kinks.
Well done.
Yeah, see?
He's going to get by...
It's that Schrab thing.
He's going to get by and just fucking weird shit.
Meanwhile, I fucking slave over a keyboard.
Fade in.
Fade in on what, Anatoly?
You don't know.
Until I tell you.
Because I'm a writer.
You know what I dress like?
Buck Henry.
I dress like your dad, motherfucker.
Because I'm proud of it.
I'm an old bitch.
Like your dad.
You just call all their dads old bitches.
Look, if they're writers, I don't know.
Whenever.
My dad's an old bitch.
Fucking writers.
Unappreciated.
Bringing it back to that Hitler thing.
Although, in the green room I was like,
I was just kidding.
It's just funny to me that I watched this movie
that was kind of made by George Clooney
and kind of gave me the misimpression
that Hitler loved art.
Everyone loves art.
Like, hey, I know that's not the impression he wanted to give.
So I was just making that joke,
and I liked to step on the gas and go like,
yeah, Hitler loved art.
He's an artist.
I'm like, Hitler wasn't a writer.
And then someone goes, mind comp much?
Spreckenzie mind comp.
He's arguably a more famous and worse writer than, yeah.
Arguably more famous than you?
I didn't say than me.
Then he was an artist.
Oh, sure.
Yeah, no, his book certainly had more of an impact
than his art did.
Yeah, well, yeah.
The writing he did,
we bring up more than the art he did.
Yeah, yeah.
You really thought I was going to,
all right, Hitler is arguably a more famous writer than me.
I'm kind of begrudgingly giving him that.
But he wasn't that good.
You should date line Hollywood.
How's it going, Spencer?
Why did I get brought up here?
How's it going?
Have you had a fun week?
I was just sitting somewhere else earlier.
Did you just say why did I get brought up here?
Yeah, that was kind of weird, right?
Spencer's murder complex.
I don't, drives me nuts.
I just do what you guys tell me to.
I brought him up and then we didn't talk to him for a 10 minutes.
I know, that's what we always do.
We did aggressively.
Okay, fine.
It's cool.
Just don't bring me up.
I'll watch from the back.
We will not bring you up.
All right.
Problem solved.
No taken.
The guy, he hates to be brought up.
No, he wants to be brought up,
but he wants to be addressed like a human being when he's up here.
We brought him up and we ignored him for 10 minutes.
No, we talked to him.
Well, for a moment.
Yeah, we sang happy birthday for you motherfucker.
And then you brought out Dustin.
We changed the words.
Yeah, happy birthday.
You brought out Dustin who got exquisite lighting on my dad.
I think, I think.
And then.
It's his actual birthday.
And then you pivoted into this Anatoly.
I would say there's a G.I.
Anatoly dressed up like a porn star.
Yeah, he looks like my dad.
Yeah, holy shit.
Look at him.
I'm not complaining about any of the things.
You're absolutely complaining.
You said, don't bring me up.
That's a complaint.
Yeah.
That's an absolute complaint.
That's an actual complaint.
Don't bring me up and then do that.
That's a complaint.
You can talk about Anatoly at length and then bring me up afterwards.
I did.
Yeah.
Not in that order.
That's amazing that I'm being told what I can't do.
I'm not telling you anything.
What's the name of the show, Spencer?
Harmontown.
I think it's two things.
Spencer is laid back and there's a geography thing where he literally is in the shadows
way offstage to the right.
I work.
He's sitting down lower.
Even if he was sitting up on stage, he probably wouldn't insert himself a lot, but he would
be more included in the conversation because you're physically then not aimed at him.
I think it's easy to not include somebody that's sitting physically way off of the stage.
I don't need to be included.
I just don't want to be brought up and then explicitly excluded.
Noted.
We will avoid that in the future.
There we go.
That is the first time on stage in Harmontown that there's been an adjustment to the
structure of the Harmontown show.
We will no longer bring you up and then exclude you.
That will not happen ever again by your decree.
Thank you.
No, but we do that a lot though.
We brought him up for many times.
No, no, no.
That's the first time we've gotten that adjustment.
We do a lot of things all the time.
That's true.
We just never get told what to do.
But isn't he allowed to say that if you're going to bring me up and sit there alone for
12 minutes?
Yes.
Yes, he did.
Do you have any complaints you'd like to make?
Would you like the show to be different in any way?
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
I'd like it to be funnier from the beginning.
I'd like to get a standing ovation after every show.
I'd like it to be 15 minutes shorter all the time.
To male?
Are you happy with the show all the way?
I think the show is great and perfect and needs no adjustments.
Boom.
What?
No.
I mean...
I'm going to boo him now, but you won't when he's Comptroller next week.
Fuck yeah.
And I'm pretty sure Adam Goldberg mentioned that he's a Dungeon Master, didn't he?
Oh, no.
Nobody's on board for that.
I don't know why I thought I'd be carried into this Liberator.
Yeah.
Okay.
If we're going to start playing D&D, let's bring out Erin McGathy.
Hello.
Hi Spencer.
Hi Dan.
Part of the show is that it's messy and that's part of the thing of it, right?
Right, Aaron?
Yes.
Dan, speaking of messy, something happened in between you going on stage.
Oh.
This is crazy.
This is no good.
I'm going to try and hype it up way too much.
And then when you guys hear it, you're going to be like, you didn't hype it up enough.
This is no good.
So for Dustin and Spencer's birthday, I baked the audience a cake.
That's the good news.
Let's play D&D.
I baked the audience a cake and right before cutting the cake, I went back to the green room and I washed my hands.
And after washing my hands.
She washed her hands.
I know, big deal.
I washed my hands and I looked at my finger and I remember thinking, ah, I love my engagement ring.
Such a great engagement ring.
Oh no.
So then I went back and I cut the cake with other Aaron, who's a great intern here.
We were cutting the cake and talking and then you went on stage.
So happy.
And then I looked at my ring and the diamond is missing from my engagement ring.
I told you I couldn't hype it up enough.
So my diamond, I hope no one ate it.
And I was like, I was like, what does it look like?
And then I was like, no, I guess if I see a diamond on the floor, that's probably your diamond.
But it'll look like a piece of chocolate cake probably.
This is a good try to bring it up.
That so-called diamond is actually constructed of a very digestible substance.
It's actually made of icing.
Called diamond naffia.
Birthday boy Dustin Marshall said, someone's going to die.
No one's going to die.
Or get rich.
No, that's not really, is that really dangerous if you swallow a little tiny diamond?
You just shit it out.
Happy birthday.
My older half-sister, one of her daughters, my niece, or when she was a little baby, ate her diamond ring, her wedding ring.
And for two or three days, I had to watch, or I didn't have to watch, but we had to hear reports about my sister.
I put diapers back on like the three-year-old or two-year-old that was off diapers.
Oh, to like sit through it.
And then took a big fork and had to fork through her poop.
So if everyone could do that.
Happy ending.
She found it and is still wearing it to this day.
Are they still using that fork?
You get rid of that fork, right?
The fork actually was destroyed, but it was framed and put up in their house.
It's kind of as if that ring passed through her daughter's body.
It's fucking great.
Yeah, but now it's this diamond plaster in one of these guys' bodies.
I mean, I hope it's Anatoly.
He does look like he ate a diamond.
Yeah, and he does look like he would sift through his own shit.
That's all he had.
You dressed that way for a reason.
You did not want attention.
But real talk, real talk.
The diamond is...
Is in one of you.
Real talk, real talk.
Diamond is here.
It's somewhere.
The diamond is here.
Lock the doors.
If you find it.
I mean, if you really need it.
If you find it, keep it.
Fuck that.
Well, no, no.
Keep it and sell it.
The top dollar.
I've sentimental attachments to it, I guess.
No, you don't.
You lost it in a piece of cake.
And before that, that's the good news.
We love each other.
It's fine.
My full statement was, if you need it, keep it.
If you're a millionaire and you don't need it,
I'll make you something and exchange for it.
I swear none of them are millionaires.
I'm looking at it totally.
Also, if you feel guilty about it,
it actually is a blood diamond.
It's a conflict diamond from...
Adam, you were so good until now.
I lost my wedding ring and I had to buy a new one.
It was fine.
The whole ring or just the jewel in there?
No, I didn't have a jewel on it.
I knew it this.
I don't have mine yet.
Our love didn't suffer, yeah.
Aaron, all you have to do is ask,
I'll shit you a diamond.
I know, I know.
What do you want?
That's the new...
Do you want marquee?
Fair shape, pretty like.
Square cut.
I didn't mean to cut you off, Aaron,
so you were going to say the same thing I was.
Yeah, if you are at a point in your life
where you are willing to go through your own poop
because you think you may be the recipient of a diamond.
I don't think anybody was actually like,
people chew cake, they don't swallow it whole.
But it's not...
The bigger concern is that somebody
absolutely shatters a tooth trying to chew a diamond.
Then that's the...
Yeah, you definitely get to keep the diamond.
I would say there's probably a half-eaten piece of cake
somewhere with a diamond sitting on top of it.
I bet it's on the floor somewhere.
Yeah, well, clearly, and this is only reasonable,
but obviously we should not get married
unless the same diamond is found.
If it is not found, there will be a murder.
On a kind of semi-related note,
I lost a Gutenberg Bible backstage.
If anybody sees a Gutenberg Bible,
I had it inside of an 11-muffin.
No, it's really a five-button.
People at Otterbox, if they make wedding rings,
like I'd like to get Aaron.
At Otterbox?
Your phone case is from.
Aaron can throw her phone across the room.
Spencer, what do you think of all this?
I think it's great.
You think it's great?
Yeah.
She lost her...
It did help me look for it earlier.
I say we are speaking to Sifton through shit.
Let's play some D&D.
When I find the music,
keep your applause going until I shouldn't have brought it up.
I shouldn't have said it until I hit this.
Okay, cool.
Sorry, Spencer.
What?
I didn't kill you up well.
You're doing a great job, Jeff.
Thank you, Spencer.
Don't change a thing.
Yeah, no notes.
When we last met,
our heroes were chained by the soul
on trial by skeletons in the city of Tormont Tour.
After upsetting and confusing the Bonesages,
Second Tour appointed the party a special defendant,
a novice lawyer by the name of Skeleton Gary.
After a brief recess to catch up,
Gary got down to business,
cross-examining, citing precedents
and building a credible case.
After a stirring and brilliant oratory,
Skeleton Gary managed to acquit our heroes
by promising that if freed,
they'd bring back the head of the Marsh Minotaur,
scourge of the flea market hills.
But would our heroes be able
to fulfill their skeleton errand
or would they be cast into the pits of Skaldor?
Let's watch.
All right, so we're freed from our soul chains, correct?
Yeah.
That weird bug came and died.
Sure did.
All right.
So, I pull...
I mean, is our lawyer gone?
I guess he is, right?
Yeah, he ran out.
He has still a little money.
All right, well, he's gone, so fuck him.
I turn to our group and say,
look, we made some promises during that court hearing
that we would go fight this Marsh Minotaur.
It kind of sounded like improv to me,
but we did kind of bind ourselves to that promise.
Sounds like a bunch of malarkey.
I said we'd just get the hell out of here
and cut our losses.
Yeah, let's just get out of here
and be like, yeah, we'll do what you guys wanted to do,
and then we'll just start to talk when we're outside.
Yeah, let's sign whatever we have to sign
and get the fuck out of here.
There's nothing to sign, really.
All right.
Well, thank you, Torah Mod and Torah.
We appreciate your bureaucracy and everything,
and I guess we'll be on our way.
I mean, you'll bring back the head of the Marsh Minotaur.
Yeah, yeah, totally.
Totally, totally.
You point us in a direction and we'll do whatever you like.
Yeah, it's at the flea market hills.
Just be advised that as part of this whole thing,
you know, you're obligated to do this under the penalty of soul loss.
Okay.
We got it.
I mean, what do you mean exactly?
We're not attached to the soul chains anymore.
How does the soul loss thing?
Yeah, how could you...
Yeah, like is a soul cop going to come and get us?
I mean, no, it's just, it's in the magic of televarna that's already completed.
Wait, what do you mean?
Well, you saw the, you saw the beast of burden.
Yes.
It made no sense to us.
I mean, it's kind of the benchmark of our law, but that's fine.
It's, it doesn't matter to you.
Oh, so you're saying is if we default on getting the...
When it shrieks, the binding arbitrations of televarna
are inscribed onto your very soul,
and if they're not enacted properly, that'll, you know, kind of consume it.
And if we don't bring back the marshmallow to our head,
then we just go kapoot, like...
What happens if we lose our souls?
I mean, you stop existing pretty much.
Is there a time limit?
How does it know the difference between us taking a really long time to do it
and us not doing it?
What if we just don't get to it?
Is there a shot?
You can certainly try those.
Your soul.
We can certainly try what?
To not, you know, to skirt televarna.
I mean, if it takes us a hundred years, is that cool?
Or if it takes us five years?
Like, how long is the shot?
It's not up to me, man.
The magic's already there.
Can we consult the magic and find out what the time limit is?
Sure, ask the magic.
I cast magic eye roll, and I ask the magic...
You glean nothing.
I mean, okay, have you guys ever done this before?
What's the normal statute of limitations on getting shit done before your soul disappears?
If you're not actively pursuing the quest, you're going to start feeling it.
I feel like we should have had this talk without him listening to us.
It'll be like back to the future.
I mean, I don't know what that is.
Will we start disappearing?
Yeah, we'll look at our hand.
All right, so we'll go do it.
All right, you know what?
It'll be Zemeckis' discretion.
Are there any weaknesses to this marshmallow that we should know of?
Ah, I'm sure he's not full of great strengths.
You're probably fine.
Oh, so...
All right, so, Alita, tell us which direction we start walking to the flea market hills.
Oh, I'll do you one better.
Lenev, you show him.
Aw, fuck!
Oh, we gotta go with this guy?
God damn it!
Okay, I pull Sharpie aside and say, Sharpie?
No.
What?
We're gonna have to do this with Lenev.
There's two ways to do this.
The easy way or your way?
Are we gonna get along or are we gonna fight the whole way through?
I would like to go on a vision quest by myself.
All right.
Can we get anyone but Lenev?
Why does it have to be Lenev?
He's the marshal around these parts.
I've been to the flea market.
Hills?
Yeah.
In fact, I know the Minotaur.
Yes.
We don't need Lenev.
We've got this one over here.
All right.
Well, everybody leave.
We're gonna do private stuff in here.
Sharpie, are you still going on a vision quest?
Yeah, he's doing the private stuff.
Is Lenev coming with us?
I guess not.
Lenev, are you coming with us or no?
Fuck you.
I'll show you guys the way.
I used to go out with the Minotaur.
All right.
Sounds good.
I'll come with you guys.
I kind of wanted to hear about your vision quest after you were done.
Well, I mean, the good news is you're now on it.
Because she doesn't know where the fuck the Minotaur is.
Thank you.
We had a romance.
Mulraine, lead the way.
This way.
I go in the right direction.
You search for the right direction and you see some hills.
They're probably the only hills in the area.
When I used to travel on these hills before,
we used to call them the little eggs.
Come on, gentlemen.
This way.
Little eggs?
Yeah.
They look like big eggs, if anything.
It made no sense when we said it then and now.
We called them the little eggs.
Tell us about that.
You said you met the March Minotaur.
Tell us all about him.
What's his favorite color?
Flashback.
Oh, you're early.
A Minotaur is never early.
Nor is he late.
He arrives precisely when he meets you.
March.
His name is March?
She thinks my name is Marsh.
She thinks my name is Marsh Minotaur?
Yeah, she thinks my last name is Minotaur.
That's like having someone named Edward Heumann.
Marsh, I made you...
I made you this little bucket.
What is the bucket for?
I put good wishes in it for a date.
I routinely...
The Sedona family, we give everyone buckets.
And this is...
I mean, now I feel embarrassed, but here's this bucket.
Where are we going on the date?
Thanks for this bucket.
Can I leave it here and pick it up later?
Yes, yes, of course, yes, yes.
We're going to the flea market hills.
Oh, excellent. I've never been there before.
Real quick, pause.
We flash back to the present while we watch you
kind of look up in the air while you're clearly going into a flashback.
And I look every go, this is going to be an awesome flashback.
I can't wait to hear what happens on this one.
Back into the flashback.
Yeah, I guess we could go there.
Yeah, hey, I don't want to be weird,
but you had a bad experience in the flea market hills
the last time you visited them.
You were part of a story that I read in...
Do I tell the story?
I.e. do the heavy lifting in this improv?
I heard that someone was selling something
that you found very offensive
and you charged several halflings
and you ended up...
you contributed to the deaths of many halfling children.
I was misunderstood.
They had a confederative flag with swastikas on it.
And I was like, that's wrong.
And they were like, different symbols mean different things to different people.
And I just sort of went nuts
and some lives were lost,
but I don't think there were lives worth saving anyway.
They were like, you know...
Yeah, I mean obviously I'm on the state,
so I'm on your side, I just wanted to clear that up.
Yep, so that's it.
But I think it's blown over.
I don't think people think of me as like a bad guy anymore.
There's no like council trying to like kill me or anything.
I feel like I've explained myself.
Oh, the buttons on your pants are coming apart.
So here's that.
Yep, they are.
Aren't you curious?
How far down the hoarseness goes?
Oh, that's a centaur.
Bull.
Bullness.
Yeah, that's a centaur.
Dan, I'm referencing our first date.
JK, uh...
Whoa.
What happened?
He left.
It's just a guy that has to take a shit.
It happens every day.
I didn't mean that as sexually as it came across,
but so great.
Let's just stay here then,
meaning that we won't actually go to the flea market,
but we've had a connection.
Yeah.
Flashback of it.
You know the minotaur.
So tell me all about him.
Well, I just relived that flashback out loud.
What happened with the minotaur?
Did you guys stay at home?
Yeah, he...
You know what I mean?
We started...
How far down did his hoarseness go?
Bullness.
It went down as far as you think.
People have chemistry with certain people.
Things started to get hot and heavy,
and it was clear that things weren't meant to be for us.
That's all.
I put on Mark and Mindy,
and we watched that.
And then he...
Let's go to the flea market.
Back with the flashback.
This never happens to me.
No way.
It's fine.
I think I ate something bad for breakfast.
Nanu.
I usually have you not have breakfast.
Mark and Mindy's still on the background.
It's loud.
It's a loud and assertive.
Nanu.
Like that.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh.
Nanu, nanu.
I said it quite...
The episode where he took over Europe
and hoarded all the art.
Nanu, nanu.
Burn the Picasso's...
Oh, oh, oh.
You know what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And I'll call you, though.
I swear.
And you know what?
I'll pick up the bucket when I come back.
Well, can I give you this wreath?
I want to...
I'm going to tie it around your neck.
I have an idea.
How about I pick up the wreath when I come back for the bucket?
Please just take this wreath.
All right, I'll take the wreath.
I mean, it's very small.
I didn't even notice that.
I'll take the wreath.
Nanu, nanu, nanu.
All right.
I'll call you.
Nanu, nanu, nanu.
It's the worst episode of work ever in the background.
All right.
Well, so you...
So, suffice to say, you have a longstanding relationship with this monster.
Yes, I mean, I never saw him again.
He's a nice guy.
He's misunderstood.
I would like to face him.
He doesn't sound very tough.
Like, he doesn't sound like a real threat.
Like, he sounds like he's kind of a regular...
Like, he sounds kind of...
He sounds like you never know where he's coming from.
So here, you say it.
Yeah.
I suppose that's true.
But also...
Like, if he was on Lulu, what's that app?
His hashtag would be like,
Lulu!
All over the place.
Two horns, no ambition.
I don't know.
What are you...
Two horns, not three.
All right.
Well, so where is he?
He's up through these little legs.
He's up in the middle.
This way.
Let's go there.
We start going there.
Okay.
You shouldn't stop through a regression valley for a while?
Oh, yeah.
It's right off exposition lane.
All right.
We head toward Small Egg Hills.
Little Eggs.
Yeah.
You go to that place.
You see hills.
You also see a lot of stalls and booths,
like some sort of farmer's market
or maybe a flea market has been set up.
It looks largely abandoned, though.
That's what you see.
Do you want to call out for him?
Hey, Marsh.
Not to be weird, but I guess I happen to be here.
It's not for you.
I'm here with my boyfriend.
I whittle.
You see, you see shifting wood.
There's like some sort of wreckage of wood
and you see a small skeletal figure
crawl out of this woodwork holding a little sign.
The sign says, don't be cheesy.
Is that jont?
Jont.
Like don't with a J.
Like Jango?
Yeah.
Yeah, like that.
But jont.
Hey, little one.
Bye, my cheeses.
No.
Okay.
And I like cheese.
I just don't like your sign.
I keep whittling.
Have you seen a Minotaur walking around
who's kind of, you know,
emotionally unavailable,
but clearly handsome
and people are very taken by him,
but maybe he doesn't have the high enough self-esteem
to accept love yet.
I sure did.
He came in and stomped all my cheeses.
I should have clarified earlier.
It stomped cheese.
He's slapped all your cheeses.
He stomped them all.
Stomped cheese.
Stomped all the cheeses.
That's just like him.
I think you're still kind of sweet on this guy.
I mean, who knows?
You know, sometimes people come together
at different times in their lives,
but you know, I'm like...
Yeah, I agree.
Sometimes just the time isn't right, you know,
even if the people are right for each other.
Wait, how are you tied up in this?
I just, I sort of...
I understand what she's saying.
That's happened to me.
Do you two have a previous lover?
I have pulled Chris out.
Flashback!
Hey.
You want more of that?
Every day.
Nanu Nanu!
Sorry, let me turn down the T, man.
You know what?
Just turn it off.
All right, with pleasure.
So it's two for six, six for two,
and twelve for twenty.
And I like your style.
You flashback.
You guys sounded like you were really in love.
Yeah, I got the twelve for twenty.
Flashback!
I'm going to award you with the twelve for twenty.
Why?
The government requires me to tell you
you'll never be the same.
Flash forward to the present.
That was the last mistake I ever made.
Like, you met Dolph Lundgren?
Yeah, I mean, I'll tell you, that twelve for twenty
was totally worth it.
But I never have been able to write a song since then.
Oh, did you write Woman in Red?
Lady in Red before that meeting?
I wrote Woman in Red.
He wrote it.
I wrote Lady in Red right before that meeting,
and I was like, oh, I'm a songster.
Oh, my God.
And I was like, nothing will take this away from me.
He literally fucked you out of a career.
But you know what?
I wouldn't have it any other way.
I go examine the footprints and the cheese
that's been stomped.
It's all stomped.
Did they lead in a direction?
They do. They lead over the hill, believe it or not.
This way, gentlemen, let's go over the big yoke.
Yeah.
I guess you guys are doing that.
Yeah, we're going to get the marshy.
Yeah.
You go over the hill and you see at the bottom of the hill,
just lying right there in sight a dank, smelly cave.
You can smell it from here.
Let's go in there.
Yeah.
I don't want to wall it up with rocks.
Well.
So that no one can ever get in or out.
But maybe we should see what's happening.
I take two of my arrows,
and I put my hair up in a bun,
and I do that thing that middle schoolers do
when they put two pencils in their hair,
but with my arrows.
Oh, yeah.
Like with knitting needles.
Yeah.
People do them.
I'm just going to go in really quick,
and just see what's going on.
Come on.
No one.
You're going in with us,
because, first of all, this minotaur is ferocious.
Second of all, you can't control yourself around him.
You have a history with him,
and you don't know what you're doing.
Right.
You have a co-dependent relationship.
Well, I appreciate you guys coming in with me.
If I make any jokes, please laugh loudly.
And also, if it comes up organically,
please call me pretty and smart.
Let's do it.
Hey, before we go in there, resolve this.
You should be the one staying outside this cave.
You can't control yourself as a person.
A lot has happened to me since the last time that I saw him,
and I've evolved a lot, and I've changed a lot,
and I realize that I'm exposing myself
for being an insecure archer.
But I just want him to see how great I am now,
and I want him to see the company I keep.
Because more than anything, I'm proud of the company I keep.
I use sense motive, if I can.
Uh-oh.
Can I answer this one?
No, you have to do it truthfully.
Okay.
Yeah.
So what's going on?
What's going on?
Is it a different voice, or is it?
Yes.
Um, I love you.
I don't love him, but I want him to think I'm hot.
So relatable.
I get it.
We've all been through relationships where we feel like
they took our wallet.
We want our wallet back.
In a way, it seems like she wants to show you off to him
and say, look how great my life is.
Okay, I get it.
I'm going to be that guy for you.
Let's do this.
By the way, I guess I'm your boyfriend?
I didn't even know that.
Oh, you guys need a little bit of room?
Should we?
No, not at all.
I'm asexual, but I'm a wizard.
All right.
I take my sword out, and I look at you guys,
and we all stand like four abreast,
and we're all standing at the entrance to this cave,
and I'm ready to go in there with you guys.
All right, let's go in.
I'm super excited.
What kind of pose do you take?
Are you saying that we all hold our weapons up,
and that the sun is behind the weapons,
and that a kind of lens flare comes out,
and it says, should we continue in the lens flare?
But there is a voiceover that, kind of like Duke's hazardous,
says, oh, what's about to happen?
Kind of a teaser.
I think you could do more.
We started the show late.
Hey, if it were up to me,
we would be here until three in the morning.
Okay, we put our weapons together,
and I just charge into the cave.
Charge!
Yelling.
I kick anything in my way.
Kick, kick.
No, no, no.
Kick, kick, kick.
I run as fast as I can to get ahead of them,
so he doesn't need quirk first.
Shazbot.
Shazbot!
Kick, kick, kick, kick, kick, kick.
Also, I have a partial boner,
and my pants are halfway down.
I swear to God, if you rape my ex-boyfriend.
I'm trying my hardest.
These flashbacks really turned me on.
I'm not saying...
Don't blame you.
All right.
So you're stomping, stomping into this cave.
Could have ended the show.
There's bones and skulls all over the place,
adorning the floor,
and as you charge in all loudly,
and yelling, and kicking,
and doing those things,
you hear a weird wailing.
It calls out.
It's like,
Stay back.
Guys, I think Peter Sellers is in prison here.
All right, guys.
I'll check it out.
Yeah, yell out to him.
Marsh?
I will destroy him.
I've been called that in a long time.
No, okay.
This was a joke we used to have,
where he would say,
I'll destroy you.
It doesn't mean anything.
I smooth my hair back with my hand,
and I approach.
Hey!
Bananas, right?
It's a joke.
It was a joke.
We had a thing.
You guys had a joke called bananas?
Right?
We had a...
There was this time where we were walking down the street,
and there was a banana tree,
and a bunch of bananas fell all at once.
You know what?
Sounds cool.
What are the walls made of, Spencer?
Like, cave stuff.
Okay, I start climbing the walls,
and try to get up along the side of the walls,
and it's like, while she's distracting,
I try to get into a flanking maneuver.
That's your solution to everything.
Kill it, then fuck it.
Starts climbing the walls.
If it ain't broke?
The walls are slick with some sort of weird moisture.
That's my fault.
That's all the description of skulls.
You still manage to climb up into the cave.
You're holding on to a slack-type.
I'm just crawling along slowly.
Very slowly.
I look back like...
I feel like...
Keep them talking.
Keep them on the phone call.
I bound down, like, kicking high,
kicking massive amounts of dirt,
smashing everything I can,
waving my hands in the air,
and yelling,
I'm in your cave!
You do that.
I don't know if you're making the kind of boyfriend impression
that she wanted you to make.
Well, I'm angry, because, like, marry him.
Guess why?
Oh, come on.
You didn't break.
How would you react?
You said five moments ago
that you don't remember that we were dating.
I run towards the...
Towards the voice.
I kick every stalagmite and stalactite.
Except the one that he's on?
Well, whatever one he's on, fine.
I throw rocks behind me
as to try to homelone Sharpie's path.
Uh, you homelone it.
Great.
What am I doing?
I don't know. What are you doing?
I'm, like, super weirded out by everything.
I yell, I am not on board!
Okay.
How close am I to wherever this voice is coming from?
Not very.
I mean, you're crawling on a ceiling.
He's all running.
I feel like we should just go talk to him.
We don't need to go on ceilings and kick stuff, right?
We just go talk to him.
That's what I'm trying to do.
Because what we want to do,
we have to kill this guy.
Let's face it.
Right.
He may as well bring him to us.
I don't want to come looking for him.
Where are you?
Stay back!
Do I see him yet?
I'm running and I'm running and I'm running.
You keep running and you see a light around the bend,
like there's lit stuff around the bend.
I keep on running towards that light.
You see, you see the Marsh Minotaur.
It's seated.
It's sitting.
Kind of sprawled out.
You see it's utter, just kind of laying all over the floor.
It's utter!
The reality of my past lover.
He's a cow?
And it's, uh, it's looking at,
like a weird, like a cow symbol.
Yeah, I'm doing it like a cow symbol.
Boys, boy, boy Minotaur.
Whoa, metagaming, metagaming.
This thing's got another.
Okay.
Yeah.
You don't even see it, man.
Also, maybe he identifies as a male,
but he's not biologically.
There's also another?
I run, I run towards, uh, I run towards him.
Marsh!
You're not skeletons.
No, it's, uh...
I thought you guys were skeletons.
Hey!
We're, we're...
You're not there.
Okay.
Sorry.
It's, it's me.
Are you okay?
What?
Do you, do you remember me, Mallory and Sedana?
What are you talking about?
Talking about memories.
Then no.
Dude, you, you remember me?
We met in that elevator.
I dropped all my papers and you picked them up.
What's an elevator?
Dude, did you hook up with a different Minotaur?
That's racist.
I, I, I examine his face and I,
and I see that he is clearly a different.
But you let us here.
Hey, do you know another Minotaur
who really likes Smork and Mindy?
What's Smork and Mindy?
Okay.
Um, you seem suicidal.
I mean, I wouldn't go that far.
What are you doing in my cave?
I, I draw my long sword and I say,
uh, ending this.
And then I, I take it down on them.
We won at his head, right?
I'm on a ceiling back in the hall.
Yeah.
I've been reminded that I'm not there.
None of us are there.
It was just, you had all kinds of funny stuff to say.
I was not there.
I look, I look around his neck and I say that there's no wreath.
Um, and clearly the guy, the Minotaur I dated
would always wear this wreath,
even if he felt nothing for me,
because that's how Mulrainee Sidhanna deals with the world.
I take the sword and I, and I,
I put it down on the Minotaur's neck with great force.
Um, you bring down the sword upon its neck in it.
It just hits its neck and it just breaks your blade.
The wreath, the wreath is a Sharpie and Chris de Burgh arrive.
Hey!
Did you do any, you didn't do anything stupid, did you?
How can I support your relationship?
As a good person.
I have a box of wine.
Hey guys, that sword I bought at the Magic Shop
really works.
It breaks when you want it to.
Why would you attack your ex-boyfriend?
Yes.
Have I crawled on this hilling enough to be in the same room
when I still haven't been in the hallway?
I mean, if you were walking, you would have.
I mean, I, I, I'm comm- I'm comm-
It's crawling!
I'm comm-
I don't care if it takes me 10 episodes.
I made my bed, I'm gonna lie on it, I'm gonna fuck it.
How far outside of this room am I?
Um, well, like a couple rounds.
You're in there.
The Marsh Minotaur rises to its feet and it's like,
why are all these humans down here and why are you attacking me?
Are there skeletons you could go bother?
You are, right?
Excuse me, Marsh?
Is it Marsh?
No, it's Kaedef.
Kaedef?
Yep.
Definitely a different guy.
Guy?
Minotaur, sorry.
I'm sure he Buttsalot.
Uh, my, my, uh, my friends and I have gotten mixed up in a lot of bullshit
with a lot of parasites, a lot of bureaucrats over this, uh, campaign.
Uh, whatever you'd call that.
In a-
I've been there.
Yeah.
Uh, we were on trial with the, uh, skeletons.
You know them?
Yes.
Our lawyer, our lawyer got us off by promising that we'd kill you.
I don't want to do it.
I see no profit in it.
Frankly, I don't see how we'd do it.
You're a big strap and very straight guy.
What?
You're so straight.
Do you know how udders work?
Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
A very strapping, uh, entity.
Uh, of any, of anything.
I didn't mean to imply gender at all.
All right.
Okay.
Shit.
This is definitely not your minotaur.
We, we briefly come back to meet the ceiling.
Uh, god damn it, son of a bitch.
The truth of the matter is that we got, we got time bombs implanted on our souls
by these skeletons, uh, if we don't fulfill our goal, uh, we are, you know,
our souls blow up or something.
I got no beef with you.
I got more beef with people that would do that kind of thing to people.
Yeah.
Skeletons are dicks.
They're total dicks.
There's a skeleton guy who comes in and milks me.
Are you fucking kidding me?
What?
Yeah.
His name's Jonte.
Jonte, be cheesy.
If you, you're more native to this bureaucracy than we are.
If we could figure out a way to like, you know, turn this whole thing on its head.
I just fell down here one day through a marsh.
That's metaphorically what happened to us.
Whoa.
Um.
It sounds like we have a common enemy.
Finally, finally we find a, we meet a nice person.
I like this guy.
I like, oh, I like this person.
I like this person.
I also like this person.
I give, I give a kaif.
Yep.
Uh, will you accept this bucket?
I guess I will as a symbol of me casting off my oppression.
It's kind of, it's, it's like a rapper wearing, you know, yeah.
What?
Oh, chains?
Yeah, well.
Whoa.
No, I mean, it's profound.
Yeah, it's profound.
I didn't, I didn't come up with it.
Am I in the room yet?
No dude.
Yeah.
You arrived.
I, I, I, I, I emerge in this, on the ceiling of the room and look down.
Talk to me after the show if you want to talk about that.
Are these rappers worn chains because they're reminiscent of the chain's history?
I don't know, not, not consciously.
Oh, it's part of their unconscious ancestral memory that they have inherited from their
brethren.
You look down and say, hey guys, is that the Marsh Minotaur?
Yep.
Oh, Jesus, I'm on the ceiling.
Oh, hey.
It's a spider pal.
You made it.
I'm startled, and I take my knife,
and I throw it at his back.
Who is that?
I declared it was me.
You hit, yeah.
It takes six damage.
Shit.
I store that memory and bury it deep, deep inside.
Is he still up there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I start shimmying down the side to get down there.
And I go, look, is everything cool?
I thought I was doing the right thing by getting up here and like being like sneaky,
but apparently we didn't have to be sneaky about this.
Karev, was that your name?
Kaedev.
Kaedev?
Like Kaedev, but with a K?
Correct.
What's Kaedev?
Okay.
Kaedev, it is.
Kaedev?
Kaedev.
Listen, let's form a human minotaur pact.
Okay.
But I'm telling you, we're kind of bound, like we got like a cosigned autolone here
on our souls, like I've been honest about that with you.
Yeah, that sucks, man.
I'll try and help you out, I guess, I don't know how that works.
Let's go attack them, because I feel like skeletons have been dicked to us from the
very beginning.
I agree.
You've been awesome to us.
So great.
Thanks.
Thanks for thinking my knife on your neck joke was funny.
Wow.
Yeah, what was that?
Okay, be very careful.
That's how humans say they love me.
Yeah, it's like blood brothers, but more intense than ones I did.
See, she liked quarks so much she threw a knife at him.
Yeah, we do that sometimes.
I take her knife and I just kind of put it in the back of my pants and just like kind
of like stare kind of creepily like a fucking...
I have a bad pitch, bad pitch, room number.
We keep writing back to the skeletons and saying, we're still looking for him.
I think we're right behind him.
Great.
And we just keep that going forever.
I think that's a great idea.
But we adopt him as a member of our party.
And so we're always kind of like one step behind him because he's in front of us.
And then hopefully that'll thwart whatever soul magic is enforcing this dumb magic-packed
thing on us.
Just to try it.
If we start to get nauseous or he falls out, we kill the Minotaur because he's not a real
Minotaur.
He is.
Utters.
Don't look behind you, Spencer's rolling dice when you're talking.
But overall, we're a happy family.
It's not losing our lives.
It's gaining a party member.
Weren't you saying that not to him?
Weren't you saying that like...
Yeah, saying it to us.
Yeah.
But you're looking at me like the Minotaur heard that.
Now I'm turning to look at you.
He was looking at you like Spencer.
I'm going.
Hey, let's go.
And so it's Karev.
Kydef.
Karev.
Mostef.
We would like to welcome you into our happy family.
Awesome, man.
Cliff Hanger?
Question mark.
We did it.
Thank you everybody for coming to Harmontown.
I mean, we ended on kind of a peaceful resolution there.
You find that diamond, you may keep it or tell me that you have it.
There's a diamond here.
Sengedi Geller.
Kanel.
Kanel Lajiani.
Erin Mcgathie.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Spencer Krueger.
I my name is Terry.
I'm James Davis.
I'm Jeff Davis.
I'm James Responds.
I'm James Libby .
I'm James Davis.
Hi Rich.
I'm James.
I'm James Edwards.
Hi, TONER.
I'm James Davis.